hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the Dell
XPS 15 with the infinity display so one
of the first youtube videos I ever did
was the XPS 13 with the infinity display
I really like that device but it wasn't
powerful enough for what I wanted in a
daily device like I wanted a quad-core
processor and I wanted a bigger screen
so I've been using a 15 inch retina
MacBook Pro but recently Dell dropped
this thing the XPS 15 and they've
updated it with the infinity display
it's kind of like the XPS 13 but
everything has just been amped up so
here are my thoughts it comes in a black
box pretty plain but at least that's
black and not just like brown cardboard
right inside you get the laptop itself
and some pamphlets the AC adapter and
the extension cord come in a separate
box okay so the top surface is aluminum
and it's got a really nice finish to it
it feels premium it feels durable and it
doesn't show fingerprints really easily
on the bottom we have two rubber strips
for grips and they also help to raise
the laptop for air intake through this
big grill here and just like the 13-inch
it has a flap which is apparently here
to hide the serial numbers and the FCC
markings and the reason why I know this
is because like 500 people told me in
the comments of my XPS 13 video thanks
guys you can open it up pretty easily
when you remove some screws and on the
inside we have a battery upgradeable ram
as well as an upgradable m2 SATA drive
this is kind of refreshing because so
many laptops have soldered on ram these
days the bottom plate has a thin sheet
of copper which I think they put in here
to help with thermals and the whole
bottom plate is like really rigid
despite being so thin so I tried to
twist it and it didn't really do much in
fact the whole laptop is just really
sturdy the screen doesn't have much flex
the chassis is really solid
the exterior edges are also really
nicely machined I think they did a
really good job on the aesthetics and
build quality ok going around the sides
on the right side we have an SD card
slot a USB 3 port light up battery
indicator and I love these little light
up indicators and a lock slot on the
left side we have a power socket another
USB 3 port HDMI 1.4 port a USB 3.1 type
C with Thunderbolt port and a combo
headphone and my
Jack it comes in a bunch of different
configurations starting at $1,000 but
the unit I'm reviewing is a skylake quad
core i7 running at 2.6 gigahertz a 4k
touchscreen
16 gigs of ram 512 gigs of storage a gtx
960m and it's currently going for around
$2,100 u.s. it's roughly the same length
as a 15-inch retina MacBook Pro but it's
noticeably shorter from front to back so
it's basically like a 15-inch laptop in
what feels like a 14-inch footprint it's
4.5 pounds which is the same weight as a
15 inch retina MacBook Pro and because
it's a smaller footprint it just feels
like a pretty dense package when you
open the lid you get that awesome carbon
fiber now I'm a sucker for this stuff
and I really think that Dell does carbon
better than any other laptop company
right now it's strong it's subtle and
it's coated with some kind of like soft
touch material so it's comfortable to
rest your palms on it so just enjoy this
carbon fiber porn that I shot the
keyword is decent the layout is nice
it's actually one of the better layouts
I've seen and the three-stage
backlighting is good but typing on it
feels pretty similar to the XPS 13 with
relatively short key travel I think it's
at one point three millimeters it's
still good but it's not great the
trackpad is nice it's glass it's big and
it works really well it's still not as
good as a MacBook trackpad but it's
pretty close and it's one of the best
windows trackpads right now you'll
probably really like this thing the
screen is a 15.6 inch IPS touch panel
with a resolution of 3840 by 2160 and
it's LED backlit and it's fantastic so
the bezel is super thin and it really
lives up to the whole infinity edge
trademark contrast is great viewing
angles are great and then the touch
screen is really responsive there's a
dental utility here to adjust the color
profile of the screen on the Adobe RGB
setting this thing's like really color
accurate for both print and web the
screen is really nice it doesn't have
the anti-glare coating that MacBook Pros
have but it's such a bright screen that
it's still very usable in brightly lit
rooms or outdoors now I can't speak
about the power consumption or the
weight of the actual panel but visually
I think it's one of the best 15-inch
screens on the market right now and just
like the XPS 13 the cameras on the
bottom again what you think is
unavoidable because of the soup
thin bezels it's not high enough
resolution for Microsoft hello but the
image quality isn't bad okay let's talk
performance I'm actually running the 256
gig drive it's a Samsung PM 951 and the
256 gig model is pretty slow my
configuration normally comes with a 512
gig drive which is quite a bit faster
but I swapped one out with a co-worker
and the 256 gig version I have now is
pretty gimpy I don't use much storage so
I normally would never upgrade a drive
but in this case I would just because of
the slow speed of the 256 gig model
video editing is nice
4k edits are smooth I rendered my iPad
pro video using the XPS 15 and it took
48 minutes a fully loaded 15-inch
MacBook Pro from 2015 took 57 minutes so
it's around 15% faster I think Adobe
Premiere really likes CUDA cores Gaming
is also really good on this it's running
a gtx 960m so like games like heroes of
the storm or dota 2 those are going to
run at 50 55 frames per second at 1080p
on high graphics on extreme graphics I
was getting around 35 to 40 frames per
second and more demanding stuff like
rusts I had to drop the graphics setting
pretty low to make it playable you can
hit 50 or 60 frames per second if you
want but you have to crank your graphics
really low the speakers are ok they're
kind of forward-facing but they're
underneath the keyboard and I noticed
that I could feel the vibrations of the
sound on the keys while I was playing
games
it wasn't bad or anything but I haven't
experienced anything like that before
and the sound is a little accualy maybe
because of the location of the speakers
but they're not bad and they get pretty
loud fan noise is not bad silent at idle
and around 30 decibels under load and
the thermals are also good there's
nothing too hot and there's no crazy hot
spots on the keyboard or anything
I think Dell did a really good job on
thermal and noise management on this
thing
it's 130 watt charger it has that
glowing ring at the AC adapter tip again
so you can find it in the dark and it's
reasonably small for 130 watts when the
battery's low the light at the front of
the laptop changes to orange and then it
changes to white when it's charging it
takes about 2 hours for a full charge
now battery life is a little complicated
this unit has a 4k screen and an 85 watt
hour battery you can get a 1080p screen
with the same sized battery and you can
also get a 1080p screen with a smaller
56 water hour battery and that's
four configurations with a disk drive
instead of the SSD so on my
configuration I was getting around six
hours of regular use with screen at
around seventy-five percent brightness
and playing games I was getting around
two and a half hours now supposedly on
the 1080p model with the 84 watt hour
battery you can get double the battery
life but for my use the 4k screen is
pretty important and the battery life
isn't that bad okay let's do a recap XPS
15 awesome build quality aluminum
exterior carbon fiber chassis the 4k
touchscreen is outstanding it's really
bright color accurate with super thin
bezels the keyboard is comfortable not
the best but very usable the trackpad is
glass and it's one of the best windows
trackpads right now on the inside we
have a skylake i7 a gtx 960m that's
really capable for 4k video edits and
most games at 1080p there's a pair of
upgradable RAM slots which is pretty
rare these days and there's an
upgradable or downgrade Abel in my case
m2 SSD socket and lastly there's an 84
watt hour battery that lasts around 6
hours on the 4k screen alright there's a
lot of good stuff going on inside the
XPS 15 but I don't love that m2 sadder
Drive it's a little bit slower than I'd
like it to be but aside from that I
think all the hardware choices they went
with we're really good the battery life
isn't amazing but it's kind of expected
when you have a 4k screen in something
that has this kind of footprint I mean
you can only put in so many battery
cells into a device this size is it a
macbook killer I would consider this a
better buy than a MacBook unless you
need like a really long battery life or
unless you need OS 10 I would consider
this a better purchase because it's a
better performer but aside from that I
think like there's no other notebook
right now that is this caliber it's
really well built it's a great performer
and it looks awesome that's into this
review hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you did Subsidy loved it it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time